Junior brother, what's your trick?
How come I've never seen it before?
This is the method of my new exercise
Take the small one
It really forced you to work hard.
So shameless
Go to hell, master
What do you do?
Think of a way to save Seal
Your Senior Sister Lu
Seal is saved
Tianxin Biquan turbid
Master, what is this?
Now only he can save the seal
Great, as expected of the ancestor
That day I thought of all kinds of things today
Current
Damn it!
All my power was sucked away by him
What must happen to the heart of heaven?
Sure enough, it can absorb the energy of the devil world
Let's stop
Ah!
How come?
Hey this
Hey, isn't that right?
Junior brother
How could you use the power of the devil world?
You are wrong
I saw it all
So watch this.
Elder Ling Nian is now a lackey of the devil world
The proof is that he has a magic mirror on him
The power passed on to him by the mysterious shadow
In the devil's world
The elder personally killed the eldest brother
He hunted and absorbed all his powers
My master and I saw it with our own eyes